Java Flavour of PostgreSQL guide (#273)
cap-js/docs: java/persistence-services.md

### PostgreSQL { #configure-postgresql }

> PostgreSQL can be configured when running locally as well as when running productively in the cloud. Similar to HANA, the datasource is auto-configured based on available service bindings, if the dependency `cds-feature-postgresql` is available on the classpath.

Author: ```suggestion
PostgreSQL can be configured when running locally as well as when running productively in the cloud. Similar to HANA, the datasource is auto-configured based on available service bindings, if the feature `cds-feature-postgresql` is installed.
```

installed | configured | added ?
